Add OOB alerts and alert rule template as asset type (#3537)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/manage-integrations.md

| [View integration assets](/reference/fleet/view-integration-assets.md) | View the {{kib}} assets installed for a specific integration. |
| [Upgrade an integration](/reference/fleet/upgrade-integration.md) | Upgrade an integration to the latest version. |

## Customize integrations [customize-integrations]

> After you've started using integrations to ingest data, you can customize how the data is managed over time. Refer to [Index lifecycle management](/reference/fleet/data-streams.md#data-streams-ilm) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've started using integrations to ingest data, you can customize how the data is managed over time. Refer to [ilm-cap](/reference/fleet/data-streams.md#data-streams-ilm) to learn more.
```
